JavaScript, Hotspots + Secrets (#298)
ShiftLeftSecurity/documentation: inspect/analyzing-applications/inspect-parameters.md

# Working with Inspect Parameters

When analyzing your code with Inspect, you can modify the process so that the scan looks for hard-coded credentials and security-sensitive functions and reports the findings along with any other vulnerabilities identified. This is done via the inclusion of additional parameters with your `sl analyze` command.

## Definitions

When ShiftLeft scans your code for hard-coded credentials, it is looking for things like hard-coded values (e.g., client secrets, username/password combinations) and sensitive information (e.g., phone numbers and addresses).

## Scanning for Security-Sensitive Functions and Hard-Coded Credentials

> To look for all hard-coded credentials and security-sensitive functions, add the `--inspect-next` flag to your `sl analyze` command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To look for all hard-coded credentials and security-sensitive functions, add the `--insights` flag to your `sl analyze` command:
```

> * To look for hard-coded credentials: `--inspect-next="secrets"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To look for hard-coded credentials: `--insights="secrets"`
```

> * To look for security-sensitive functions: `--inspect-next="hotspots"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To look for security-sensitive functions: `--insights="hotspots"`
```

> * To look for both security-sensitive functions and hard-coded credentials: `--inspect-next="secrets,hotspots"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To look for both security-sensitive functions and hard-coded credentials: `--insights="secrets,hotspots"`
```

For example, to look for both hard-coded credentials and security-sensitive functions in a JavaScript application, you might issue the following `sl analyze` command:

> `sl analyze --js --no-cpg --inspect-next="secrets,hotspots" -app yourAppName <path-to-your-app-directory>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`sl analyze --js --no-cpg --insights="secrets,hotspots" -app yourAppName <path-to-your-app-directory>`
```
